After akoko a 1000 akoko akoko akoko akoko akoko zoo!
mission akoko akoko 10 has been 2 completed, points are tallied up, the
participants are allowed to leave and do as they see fit until their next
mission, with the exception of talking about Gantz which would lead to their
heads exploding. During Kurono and Kato's third mission, all the
participants including Kato are killed, however Kato kills the last boss
giving Kurono a chance to survive. Kurono survives the third mission bleeding
on the floor with his limbs cut apart. After the third mission Kurono starts to
change inside adopting a hero, leader complex similar to Kato. As the series
continues, Kurono participates with the objective of reviving his deceased
friends with the 100 point reward option. A new team of Gantz players is
assembled, which Kurono leads, as the most experienced veteran and one of the
best fighters. In the Oni mission it is shown that with Kurono's "will to
live" he becomes the most ferocious Gantz hunter in the team. Through his
interactions with the other members of the team and his life or death battles,
Kurono gradually grows into a responsible leader. After the Oni mission Kato
is revived by Kurono, and soon after Kurono meets his demise against the
vampires. As the series goes on, the rules of the missions change; they can now
be seen by regular people, the aliens they encounter are increasingly more
powerful and dangerous, and they participate in a mission with another Gantz
team from Osaka. Kato becomes the center of attention in the manga and his
quest to revive Kurono. In a desperate attempt to revive his best friend,
Kato fights the one hundred point alien Nurarihyon which obliterates both
Osaka and Kurono's team. At the end of the mission, similar to the first time
Kato died, he defeats arguably the strongest alien in the series and is laid
bleeding on the floor. The series depicts both the missions and Kurono's
regular life, as well as the daily lives of other 12:46 Gantz players (to a lesser extent).